--- 
title: Switching to Rails. This an Example of a Post. (textile)
layout: post
category: solution
tags: 
---

<h3>Bleak future of .NET development.</h3>

This one will probably get me flamed the most. It's not that I don't like .NET, it's just that I couldn't see myself using it any more professionally. I'm really not a fan of VB.NET, especially compared to Ruby. It's a cruft filled language that <a href="http://www.panopticoncentral.net/archive/2007/11/14/22589.aspx">makes me feel like Mort when writing it.</a> Great things are possible with the language, but the result is so unreadable and ugly that I don't feel it's worth it anymore to use, especially if I can choose not to. C# on the other hand I love and always will, especially over Java.

What scares me more about .NET is where's it's going: Silverlight and WPF. WPF is supposed to be an awesome new platform that makes it easier for both programmers and designers to collaborate and create great applications.<strong> Seriously though, where are the great WPF applications? </strong>Why haven't we heard as much about them, as say, the newest iPhone apps? I could say the same for Silverlight. Oh wait, the Olympics. ooh, Yahoo Messenger! Whatever. Nothing is going to kill Flash's market share.

I'm sure that things have changed since I was heavy into (bleeding edge) .NET development 6-9 months ago, but still there seems to be no killer app for WPF or Silverlight yet. Until that happens they'll just suck like everything else. I'd love to be proven wrong on this point, so if you know of one please show me.

If you've switched away from Windows or even if you've become a Rubyist/Pythonista in recent times, let me know what your experiences have been. For now on my blog posts will hopefully be a bit more frequent, and will chronicle various quirks and fun things I've found during my Rails journeys.
